Updated terminologies for chaos agent, workflow and charts (#197)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/user-guides/schedule-workflow.md

<i>Change name and description</i>
</figure>

## 4. Tune the chaos scenario

This section consists of all the information related to the chaos scenario .
Some new and advanced features that are present in this section are :

1. **Chaos Scenario Visualization** : This feature allows you to visualize the chaos scenario even before scheduling it.
   This gives a brief information related to the structure of chaos scenario <i>i.e</i> if the experiments are present in serial or parallel way.
2. **Chaos Scenario Table** : This table contains the list of experiments present in the chaos scenario . It also consists of some valuable information related to the target applications.
3. **Add Experiment** : If you have selected `Create a new chaos scenario using experiments from MyHub` in Choose a Chaos Scenario step, you can see a `Add a new experiment` button, this will allow you to add more experiments to the chaos scenario .
4. **Edit Chaos Scenario ** : With this option, you can view and make changes in the chaos scenario manifest with a YAML editor.

> 5. **Revert Chaos** : For custom chaos scenario s, you can now enable or disable the revert step from the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Revert Chaos** : For custom chaos scenarios, you can now enable or disable the revert step from the portal.
```
